Okay.
Finally, we get to the interesting stuff.
Content scripts are JavaScript files that are injected into the web pages and can interact with the
pages.
DOM Which means that you can modify the appearance or behavior of a page and you can extract information
from it.
To include Java to include content scripts.
In a Chrome extension, you need to specify them in the content scripts field of the manifest file.
You can specify the matches field to specify the units of the web pages.
So here, if we get a GitHub.com page, then we will inject our script into it.
Now, if you know anything about the illustrations, this expression will match any website.
So instead of GitHub, now we can inject our foreground or script into the web page of any website.
As you can see, we access the body of that web page and then we set its background color to red.
Let's see if this works.
Keep in mind that whenever you update the manifest of an extension, you have to delete that extension
from your chrome and then re upload it.
Now, as you can see, we have changed the background color of all the web pages content scripts may
have limited access to the Chrome extension API, but they can interact with the web pages dom and send
messages to the extensions background script.
They can also listen for messages from the background script that is the service worker and perform
actions in response.